{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 James Tomasino\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technology Director, CSM\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Phone: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel://410-929-3008"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
410.929.3008
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto://resume@jamestomasino.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
resume@jamestomasino.com
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Labs: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://labs.tomasino.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
labs.tomasino.org
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Blog: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tomasinoblog.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
tomasinoblog.com
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Github: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://github.com/jamestomasino"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
jamestomasino
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Twitter: @{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/mr_ino"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
mr_ino
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lead interactive developer and designer with broad experience in a variety of software packages, languages, and techniques. Particular affinity for coding and architecting complex interactive experiences. Interested in opportunities with management of interactive and creative teams while providing architectural support during development.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Specialties\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Leading a diverse team of developers via cross-training, cooperation and skill building. Flash Actionscript 2 & 3, XML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Interactive Design, Usability, Experience Design, Object Oriented Design, Adobe, Macromedia and Microsoft Authoring Tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Technology Director, CSM} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gsw-w.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GSW
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i February 2013 - Present}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Manage team of developers on a variety of mobile and web projects across multiple brands and strategies. Key component in discovery of new technologies and their applicability to brands. Leader in pitch work, strategic planning, and high level technical discussions with partners and clients. Client and team technology educator.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Senior Multimedia Developer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gsw-w.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
GSW
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i June 2011 - February 2013} (1 year 9 month)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Interactive web, mobile, and tablet experiences for a variety of pharmaceutical brands. Developed iPad and Android tablet sales pieces. Led teams building rich informational applications for the web in HTML5 and Flash, and in a variety of mobile platforms. Coached and trained other developers to increase the team\u8217's productivity and effectiveness. Was trained and mentored toward management roles.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Jesuit Novice} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jesuit.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Society of Jesus
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i August 2010 - March 2011} (7 months)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Rigorous prayer & study life with an dual focus on contemplative prayer and applying that lifestyle through a variety of social apostolates including teaching in a Catholic grade school and pastoral care to terminally ill hospice patients. Studis included a survey of the history of religious life, the foundational documents of the Society of Jesus, and both theory and practice at the art of communal life.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Flash Developer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epam.com/empathylab.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Empathy Lab
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i July 2009 - July 2010} (1 year)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developed interactive games, microsites, user experiences, and animations for companies like Sprout, Lexmark, Sesame Street and many more. Developed a large scale streaming video application built off Adobe\u8217's Open Source Media Framework, Akamai\u8217's Open Video Player, utilizing PureMVC and a variety of custom made tracking tools for integrating Omniture, Comscore, Google Analytics, and others.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Senior New Media Developer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://moxieinteractive.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Moxie Interactive
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i August 2007 - July 2009} (2 years)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developed frameworks for rich landing pages, advertising campaigns, and product spotlights. Built rich media banners, websites, social networking applications and landing pages for clients such as Coke, Home Depot, Verizon, Verizon Wireless, Fox, UPS and Maybelline. Lead and architected large-scale web marketing campaigns while managing the development team.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Multimedia Specialist} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pangomedia.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Pango Media
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i June 2006 - August 2007} (1 year 4 months)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Responsible for management, design and development of web sites, interactive CDs, mobile and desktop applications, Flash, and print materials.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Developer} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.medicalanimatics.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Medical Animatics, Inc
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i September 2005 - June 2006} (10 months)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developed ongoing Flash applications and server-side scripting & database design. Designed digital and print media for use in large scale products.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 {\b Nuclear Electronics Technician} at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.netc.navy.mil/nnptc/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
US Navy
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i March 2000 - June 2001} (1 year 4 Months)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Trained as a nuclear reactor operator of the Naval surface fleet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills & Expertise\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Those things which enjoy routine usage in my daily work are denoted with a {\super \u8224?} symbol.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Programming Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JavaScript
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://php.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PHP
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://python.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Python
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ruby-lang.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Ruby
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Markup/Templating Languages & Preprocessors\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://coffeescript.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
CoffeeScript
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
CSS
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://haml.info"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Haml
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://handlebarsjs.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Handlebars.js
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developers.whatwg.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
HTML
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://lesscss.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
LESS
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Markdown
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mustache.github.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Mustache
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sass-lang.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Sass
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Frameworks & APIs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Backbone.js
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://compass-style.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Compass
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://codeigniter.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
CodeIgniter
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developers.google.com/maps"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google Maps API
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jquery.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
jQuery
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://meteor.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Meteor
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://requirejs.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Require.js
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rubyonrails.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Ruby on Rails
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.twitter.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Twitter API
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordpress.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Wordpress
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Software & Tools\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.adobe.com/products/creativesuite.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Adobe Creative Suite
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aws.amazon.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Amazon Web Services
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://apache.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Apache
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Apple XCode
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://git-scm.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Git
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://atlassian.com/software/jira"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
JIRA
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://apple.com/macosx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Mac OS X
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mysql.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
MySQL
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Pandoc
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rvm.beginrescueend.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
rvm
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sublimetext.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Sublime Text
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://svn.apache.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Subversion
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tmux.sourceforge.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
tmux
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ubuntu.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Ubuntu Linux
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.vim.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Vim
}}}
{\super \u8224?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://yeoman.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Yeoman
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.zsh.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
zsh
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://iupui.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Indiana University
}}}
, School of Informatics MS, Media Arts and Sciences, 2005 - 2006\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://iupui.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Indiana University
}}}
, School of Informatics BS, Media Arts and Sciences, 2002 - 2004\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Honors and Awards\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Atlanta Addy Awards 2009}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Gold: Website Flash, Online (Fight for Gotham City)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i IMA Awards 2008}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Outstanding Achievement Award: Telecommunications category (Fight For Gotham City)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Create Awards 2008}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Silver Award: Interactive Web Elements, Banners/Tiles category (20th Century Fox Jumper DVD)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Atlanta Addy Awards 2008}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Silver: Interactive Media, Online (The Home Depot Kitchens)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Silver: Interactive Media, Online (Verizon Wireless Oddcast/Pop, Lock and Send)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Bronze: Interactive Media, Online (The Home Depot Holiday)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i The Webby Awards 2008 }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Official Honoree: Interactive/Rich Media Advertising: Business-to-Consumer (Verizon Wireless Next Phones Now)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Atlanta ADDYs ShowSouth 2007}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Silver: Microsite (The Home Depot Holiday)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Silver: Website (Verizon Wireless Motorola Q Launch)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Atlanta AMA AMY Awards 2007}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Winner: Web/Interactive Use of Multimedia/New Media (Verizon Wireless Chocolate Launch)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Winner: Web/Interactive Generating Online Sales (The Home Depot Holiday Microsite)\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Interests\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Being a dad and spending time with my family\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Playing {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://boardgamegeek.com/user/tomasino"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
board and card games
}}}
 (and video games, too)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Watching and contributing to Open Source Software\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0    \u169?2013 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://jamestomasino.com/resume"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
James Tomasino
}}}
. All rights reserved. Direct contact only desired (no\u160?recruiters please).\par}
}
